Leraren (LC)
-Casper van Velzen: heef ttechgrounds zelf gedaan , heeft al 12 klassen cloud gedaan . Beriekbaar maandag - donderdag. Is niet buiten werktijden bereikbaar!
-Shikha Jha: uit india sinds 2014 in NL , is omgeschoold ook door Techgrounds ( you can slack her always , she will respond as soon as possible) .  Has twins(is bound to them therefore) , likes to read about science or spirtuality. Is tired of palestine and ukraine war, but is interestwed in what is going on in the world. 
Maandag en vrijdag is zij de hele dag bereikbaar, woensdgaen is zij om de week.
  

Medestudenten:


9uur stipt starten we

13uur contact moment met LC (learning coach)
check in (10 minuten)
soft skills
sprint reviews(elke 2 weken)

Hele dag : werken aan opdrachten in BO rooms
Vanaf 13uur werk je met je team samen , de Learning Coaches zijn tot 17uur aanwezig.
duurt tot 17uur 


We try to replicate the SCRUM method.
Leer over Scrum

Sprint review = assignment review
Eerste maand wordt als zwaar ervaren . Je wordt in het diepe gegooid : LEER ZWEMMEN en verzuip niet!

-start gesprek na 3 weken 
-voortgangsgesprek ( x maand?)

CHAT GPT:
vertrouw niet blind ,k gebruik het als verificatie middel.
CHat GPT lijkt goede antwoorden te geven , je kan er lui door worden en je analytische en probleem oplossende skills niet door trainen . 

GITHUB 

REPOSITORY: 
Generally, an information technology repository (or repo) is a centralized place where data is stored and maintained in an organized way, typically in computer storage. A repository can serve different functions. It can be directly accessible to users without having to travel across a network, or it can be a place in which specific databases, files, or documents are stored for access or distribution. A repository can be the aggregation of the data itself into an accessible place of storage, or it could allow for selective extraction of data.

BRANCH:
Branching is a feature of version control that allows developers to test new features within a software or application code before officially joining it with the active source code. A new branch within the code is basically a copied version of the first section of code, but it then receives its own name and can be edited separately. Branching may also be referred to as a stream or tree.

COMMIT:
A commit, or "revision", is an individual change to a file (or set of files). It's like when you save a file, except with Git, every time you save it creates a unique ID (a.k.a. the "SHA" or "hash") that allows you to keep record of what changes were made when and by who. Commits usually contain a commit message which is a brief description of what changes were made.

PUSH:
(1) In client/server applications, to send data to a client without the client requesting it. The World Wide Web is based on a pull technology where the client browser must request a Web page before it is sent. Broadcast media, on the other hand, are push technologies because they send information out regardless of whether anyone is tuned in.
Increasingly, companies are using the Internet to deliver information push-style. Probably the oldest and most widely used push technology is e-mail. This is a push technology because you receive mail whether you ask for it or not — that is, the sender pushes the message to the receiver.

(2) In programming, to place a data item onto a stack. The opposite of push is pop, which means to remove an object from a stack.

PULL:
Pull means to request data from another program or computer. The opposite of pull is push, where data is sent without a request being made. The terms push and pull are used frequently to describe data sent over the Internet. The World Wide Web is based on pull technologies, where a page isn’t delivered until a browser requests it. Increasingly, however, Information services are harnessing the Internet to broadcast information using push technologies. A prime example is the PointCast Network.


MERGE:
 To combine two files in such a way that the resulting file has the same organization as the two individual files. For example, if two files contain a list of names in alphabetical order, merging the two files results in one large file with all the names still in alphabetical order.
Note: that merge is different from append. Append means to combine two files by adding one of them to the end of the other.

FORK
To split source code into different development directions. Forking leads to the development of different versions of a program. Forking often occurs when the development of a piece of open source code has reached an impasse. The project is forked so that the code can be developed independently in different ways with different results.



Linux key, aanpassen aan eigen waardes: 
ssh username@18.196.227.119 -i "(path to pem)" -p port

ssh -i "H:\Persoonlijk\Werk\Omscholing IT\Techgrounds\Cloud engineer\Opleiding\Resources\Cloud13Nester\nest_1710154136.1854413\keys\Nest-Sh-Morris.pem" shay@18.196.227.119

jaz@18.196.227.119 -i "C:\Nest-Ja-Nieste.pem" -p 52202 

Opdracht 1:
Push code naar je repository. Het maakt niet uit wat voor code het is. Let op: je mag de 'upload file'-optie op de Github website niet gebruiken. 
Pull / Clone een repository van je peer.
Tip: In Slack vind je een link naar de officiële Git & Github Fundamentals Classroom
 Opdracht 2:
Maak een nieuwe repository aan voor je portfolio via de GitHub Classroom-link in Slack.
Beschrijf voor jezelf hoe je je repository gaat inrichten op een manier zodat het voor iedereen (jezelf en buitenstaanders) duidelijk is wat de structuur is